docs: Document osConfig module argument (#4103)
nix-community/home-manager: docs/installation.adoc

Nixpkgs.
====

[NOTE]
====

> Home Manager will pass `osConfig` as module argument to any modules
> you create. This contains the system's nixOS config options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Home Manager will pass `osConfig` as a module argument to any modules
you create. This contains the system's NixOS config options.
```

Nixpkgs.
====

[NOTE]
====
Home Manager will pass `osConfig` as a module argument to any modules

> you create. This contains the system's NixOS configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you create. This contains the system's nix-darwin configuration.
```
